Installing your Personal Caddy is a simple
and straightforward process.
Begin by opening the panel nearest to the cab,
now take a pencil or any other writing
utensil and draw a line of the top of
t-nut.
This will ensure that when you replace
your striker bolts you will not need to make any
additional adjustments.
Once you've mark to position remove the
strike bolt.
With the help of an additional person
lift caddy over the cover
and drop it into place between the striker clamps.
Once your Personal Caddy is in place, take
the bulb seal attached to the caddy and tuck it
under the third panel.
With your Personal Caddy in place and the
bulb seal tucked under the third panel,
it's time to replace the striker bolts.
Slide in your striker bolt and align the t-nut to the line you've previously drawn.
Secure it
and once you've done the other side your
Personal Caddy is ready to use.
One of the unique features of our
Personal Caddy is it suspended
installation,
this allows for about 6 inches of
space below your caddy
so you can haul lumber,
plywood,
drywall, or any other longer items.
One of the main benefits of our Personal
Caddy are its security features.
By resting concealed below the tonneau
cover it is out of sight from would-be thieves.
Another unique benefit of our Personal
Caddy is its ability to independently
lock from the rest of the truck bed.
That means if you're at home, work,
or on the job site
you can still allow access to the rest
of your truck bed
while leaving your Personal Caddy and its
contents
locked and secure.
Another great benefit of our Personal
Caddy is the
optional aluminum sliding tray.
This tray allows for additional space
to organize your smaller items up top
and also slides open
so you can store large items you don't
want your main compartment.